Could make some money. Got a buck.  Not at all.Could make some money. Got a buck. Holy Not at all.Could make some money. Got a buck. Holy fuck Not at all.Could make some money. Got a buck. Holy fuck. Not at all. Still Your chart is right. At that 50 day moving average We got to see if I'm gonna break through there. I still have a half position on this and it is not A recommendation. Roscoe, this was that doji bar that we talked about. trade bro At support Kojibar Buyers came in the next day, that's the trade, and boom. But only when you have this bar at the bottom of a big pullback. Remember Look at it right here It had the same setup. Big pullback. You've already down here.  BCould make some money. Got a buck. Holy fuck. Not at all. Still Your chart is right. At that 50 day moving average We got to see if I'm gonna break through there. I still have a half position on this and it is not A recommendation. Roscoe, this was that doji bar that we talked about. trade bro At support Kojibar Buyers came in the next day, that's the trade, and boom. But only when you have this bar at the bottom of a big pullback. Remember Look at it right here It had the same setup. Big pullback. You've already down here. Buy BCould make some money. Got a buck. Holy fuck. Not at all. Still Your chart is right. At that 50 day moving average We got to see if I'm gonna break through there. I still have a half position on this and it is not A recommendation. Roscoe, this was that doji bar that we talked about. trade bro At support Kojibar Buyers came in the next day, that's the trade, and boom. But only when you have this bar at the bottom of a big pullback. Remember Look at it right here It had the same setup. Big pullback. You've already down here. Buyers BCould make some money. Got a buck. Holy fuck. Not at all. Still Your chart is right. At that 50 day moving average We got to see if I'm gonna break through there. I still have a half position on this and it is not A recommendation. Roscoe, this was that doji bar that we talked about. trade bro At support Kojibar Buyers came in the next day, that's the trade, and boom. But only when you have this bar at the bottom of a big pullback. Remember Look at it right here It had the same setup. Big pullback. You've already down here. Buyers came in pushed it back Bingo.Could make some money. Got a buck. Holy fuck. Not at all. Still Your chart is right. At that 50 day moving average We got to see if I'm gonna break through there. I still have a half position on this and it is not A recommendation. Roscoe, this was that doji bar that we talked about. trade bro At support Kojibar Buyers came in the next day, that's the trade, and boom. But only when you have this bar at the bottom of a big pullback. Remember Look at it right here It had the same setup. Big pullback. You've already down here. Buyers came in pushed it back up. Bingo. So That's the rule on this. Right there. Baseball went down And then it came all the way down here. Palantir's going to zero. And the buyer said nope, we like it there. Bunch of buyers came in, pushed it back up to here. Next day it broke above the high of that day. That was the entry? Adebo. That's the reversal bar because the buyers came in off Oops. Die Bar ist gleich wieder auf der Bahn. The only thing that could have made this low Go back up and close. right here Bojibar. The Mavericks traded because of cool name. But That's good. Um Hi. Questions, ideas, anybody? Gold, where you go? Baby babbelober That's tidy. Went up to little tiny bars Nothing happened really. Uh Where's the other one? Marty We just went to Microsoft Avatar Not to try guys. Got a little snow here today. That's what happens Ah. As you say That's what happens when you day trade. You gotta wait? I remember when I only day traded many, many, many years ago. Several hours a day. From 9:30 to 11:30, go to gym, Staszek But you don't have to look at that. But if you trade the first round in half, two hours, it's really all you need. That sure is like plenty of High potential trade setups. Remember The pattern day trade rule is gone. Make sure you talk to your brother before you start making any changes. I think there's a 45-day. drove So talk to your broker Ah. Ah This looks good. Something unofficial. Trade right here? Reach above. Kristin Williams Well. Now that's what this is! This picture is dark. Is that what you're talking about? You can scalp on the daily chart too. You're there to the most. But that's what they train to hit. Is it here or there? Or if we could get it. And if that wasn't it. Ja. No. They traded or scalpers, no doubt. Ibot I have a job. Ah Keep an eye on gold. Eventually the gold didn't do anything. I appreciate you guys stopping by. I go back to fighting  EducationCould make some money. Got a buck. Holy fuck. Not at all. Still Your chart is right. At that 50 day moving average We got to see if I'm gonna break through there. I still have a half position on this and it is not A recommendation. Roscoe, this was that doji bar that we talked about. trade bro At support Kojibar Buyers came in the next day, that's the trade, and boom. But only when you have this bar at the bottom of a big pullback. Remember Look at it right here It had the same setup. Big pullback. You've already down here. Buyers came in pushed it back up. Bingo. So That's the rule on this. Right there. Baseball went down And then it came all the way down here. Palantir's going to zero. And the buyer said nope, we like it there. Bunch of buyers came in, pushed it back up to here. Next day it broke above the high of that day. That was the entry? Adebo. That's the reversal bar because the buyers came in off Oops. Die Bar ist gleich wieder auf der Bahn. The only thing that could have made this low Go back up and close. right here Bojibar. The Mavericks traded because of cool name. But That's good. Um Hi. Questions, ideas, anybody? Gold, where you go? Baby babbelober That's tidy. Went up to little tiny bars Nothing happened really. Uh Where's the other one? Marty We just went to Microsoft Avatar Not to try guys. Got a little snow here today. That's what happens Ah. As you say That's what happens when you day trade. You gotta wait? I remember when I only day traded many, many, many years ago. Several hours a day. From 9:30 to 11:30, go to gym, Staszek But you don't have to look at that. But if you trade the first round in half, two hours, it's really all you need. That sure is like plenty of High potential trade setups. Remember The pattern day trade rule is gone. Make sure you talk to your brother before you start making any changes. I think there's a 45-day. drove So talk to your broker Ah. Ah This looks good. Something unofficial. Trade right here? Reach above. Kristin Williams Well. Now that's what this is! This picture is dark. Is that what you're talking about? You can scalp on the daily chart too. You're there to the most. But that's what they train to hit. Is it here or there? Or if we could get it. And if that wasn't it. Ja. No. They traded or scalpers, no doubt. Ibot I have a job. Ah Keep an eye on gold. Eventually the gold didn't do anything. I appreciate you guys stopping by. I go back to fighting Information EducationCould make some money. Got a buck. Holy fuck. Not at all. Still Your chart is right. At that 50 day moving average We got to see if I'm gonna break through there. I still have a half position on this and it is not A recommendation. Roscoe, this was that doji bar that we talked about. trade bro At support Kojibar Buyers came in the next day, that's the trade, and boom. But only when you have this bar at the bottom of a big pullback. Remember Look at it right here It had the same setup. Big pullback. You've already down here. Buyers came in pushed it back up. Bingo. So That's the rule on this. Right there. Baseball went down And then it came all the way down here. Palantir's going to zero. And the buyer said nope, we like it there. Bunch of buyers came in, pushed it back up to here. Next day it broke above the high of that day. That was the entry? Adebo. That's the reversal bar because the buyers came in off Oops. Die Bar ist gleich wieder auf der Bahn. The only thing that could have made this low Go back up and close. right here Bojibar. The Mavericks traded because of cool name. But That's good. Um Hi. Questions, ideas, anybody? Gold, where you go? Baby babbelober That's tidy. Went up to little tiny bars Nothing happened really. Uh Where's the other one? Marty We just went to Microsoft Avatar Not to try guys. Got a little snow here today. That's what happens Ah. As you say That's what happens when you day trade. You gotta wait? I remember when I only day traded many, many, many years ago. Several hours a day. From 9:30 to 11:30, go to gym, Staszek But you don't have to look at that. But if you trade the first round in half, two hours, it's really all you need. That sure is like plenty of High potential trade setups. Remember The pattern day trade rule is gone. Make sure you talk to your brother before you start making any changes. I think there's a 45-day. drove So talk to your broker Ah. Ah This looks good. Something unofficial. Trade right here? Reach above. Kristin Williams Well. Now that's what this is! This picture is dark. Is that what you're talking about? You can scalp on the daily chart too. You're there to the most. But that's what they train to hit. Is it here or there? Or if we could get it. And if that wasn't it. Ja. No. They traded or scalpers, no doubt. Ibot I have a job. Ah Keep an eye on gold. Eventually the gold didn't do anything. I appreciate you guys stopping by. I go back to fighting Information... Education end If you guys have any questions, all the questions are great. on Tuesday night at 7:30 p.m. We'll do some Maybe more players helping Arequipa You have a great weekend. The rest of next week will be very interesting. Very very interesting. The hey Hello Hello.